
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/TableListener.java:92	Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/ViewController.java:19	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/ViewController.java:59	Too many fields
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/ViewController.java:95	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/ViewController.java:95	The method init() has an NCSS line count of 111
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/ViewController.java:274	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/ViewController.java:274	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/DirectoryChooser.java:66	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/DirectoryChooser.java:74	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/FileAdmin.java:58	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/FileAdmin.java:65	Perhaps 'settings' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/FileAdmin.java:69	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionFileFilter
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/FileAdmin.java:71	Avoid excessively long variable names like readableFileFilter
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/FileAdmin.java:116	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/FileAdmin.java:212	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/FileImporter.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionFileFilter
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/FileImporter.java:60	Avoid excessively long variable names like argTransactionFileFilter
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/ButtonRenderer.java:46	Avoid excessively long variable names like argColorSchemeHelper
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/ColumnFactory.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like evenColorSchemeHelper
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/ColumnFactory.java:45	Avoid excessively long variable names like oddColorSchemeHelper
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/ColumnFactory.java:47	Avoid excessively long variable names like labelNameOneRenderer
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/ColumnFactory.java:48	Avoid excessively long variable names like labelNameAllRenderer
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/ColumnFactory.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like labelModifiedOneRenderer
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/HeaderRenderer.java:45	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultHeaderTableCellRenderer
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/HeaderRenderer.java:50	Avoid excessively long variable names like argColorSchemeHelper
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/HeaderRenderer.java:51	Avoid excessively long variable names like argDefaultHeaderTableCellRenderer
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/LabelModifiedRenderer.java:47	Avoid excessively long variable names like argColorSchemeHelper
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/LabelModifiedRenderer.java:71	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/LabelNameRenderer.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like argColorSchemeHelper
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Helper.java:56	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Helper.java:74	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Helper.java:106	In J2EE, getClassLoader() might not work as expected.  Use Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader() instead.
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Localizable.java:86	Avoid excessively long variable names like headerValueModified
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Preferences.java:52	Avoid excessively long variable names like columnOrderDefault
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Preferences.java:99	Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Preferences.java:189	Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Preferences.java:301	Avoid excessively long variable names like backgroundAltValue
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Settings.java:50	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPERTIES_RESOURCE
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Settings.java:55	Avoid excessively long variable names like abstractFileConfiguration
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Settings.java:141	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionFileExtensions
src/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/Settings.java:151	Avoid excessively long variable names like textFileExtensions
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/ConsoleRunner.java:84	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/AggregationTableModelTest.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like aggregationTableModel
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/FileTableModelTest.java:58	The String literal "column class must not be null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 58
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/FileTableModelTest.java:77	The String literal "value for full model must not be null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 77
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/FileTableRowSorterTest.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like fileTableRowSorter
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/controller/ViewControllerTest.java:31	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/FileAdminTest.java:33	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/TransactionFileListenerTest.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like observerWasNotified
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/io/TransactionFileListenerTest.java:39	Avoid excessively long variable names like fileAlterationObserver
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/ColumnFactoryTest.java:38	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/table/LabelModifiedRendererTest.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like labelModifiedRenderer
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/LocalizableTest.java:31	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/PreferencesTest.java:38	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
test/com/moneydance/modules/features/importlist/util/SettingsTest.java:29	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.